Lab - Jupyter Notebooks - The Basics
Special note about the lab environment:

These Jupyter notebooks labs now use the latest environment: JupyterLab, which uses the same .ipynb Jupyter notebook files.
Exercise 1 - Create a new notebook in Python
1. If you already have Skills Network Labs open in a tab, you can click on JupyterLab on the main page.

2. To create a new notebook, click on any of the languages under "Notebook".

Exercise 2 - Write and execute code
In your new empty notebook (from Exercise 1), click within the gray code cell and write some code, like "1 + 1" (without quotation marks).
Execute the code, by either clicking the Play button in the menu above the notebook, or by pressing Shift+Enter on your notebook.
You should see in the output, "2".
Try executing other code (try simple math operations).
Great! Now you know how to write and run code in Jupyter Notebooks
Exercise 3 - Create new cells
In your Jupyter notebook, first click on any of the existing cells to select the cell.
From the menu, click on "Insert", then "Insert Cell Above" or "Insert Cell Below".
Great! Now you know how to insert new cells in Jupyter Notebooks. Note you can use the keyboard shortcuts: [a] - Insert a Cell Above; [b] - Insert a Cell Below.
Exercise 4 - Create Markdown cells and add text
In your notebook, click on any code cell, and in the drop-down menu in the menu above, change the cell type from "Code" to "Markdown". As you'll notice, you cannot create Markdown cells without first creating cells and converting them from "Code" to "Markdown".
In the Markdown cell, write some text like "My Title".
To render the Markdown text, make sure the cell is selected (by clicking within it), and press Play in the menu, or Shift+Enter.
Your Markdown cell should now be rendered!
To edit your Markdown cell, double-click anywhere within the cell. Note you can use the keyboard shortcut: [m] - Convert Cell to Markdown
Please note that practice exercises are not graded, and you do not need submit anything.
